README.md, before:

## Hey there, I'm Bradley 👋

[//]: # "Trivia"

### I'm a Software Engineering Degree Apprentice

- 🌱 I'm currently learning Rust and Golang
- 🥅 2021 Goals: Enjoy learning Rust and Golang at a deeper level
- ⚡ Fun Fact: I enjoy night sky / landscape photography <sub><sup>Dedicated IG to arrive™</sup></sub>

</br>

[//]: # "Account Links [shown]"

### Socials:

- TBD

</br>

[//]: # "Tools & Languages"

### Tools & Languages:

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/bitbucket/bitbucket-original.svg" alt="Bitbucket" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/confluence/confluence-original.svg" alt="Confluence" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/docker/docker-plain.svg" alt="Docker" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/git/git-plain.svg" alt="Git" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="Github" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/linux/linux-plain.svg" alt="Linux" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-plain.svg" alt="Visual Studio" width="50" height="50">
</p>

</br>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/csharp/csharp-line.svg" alt="C#" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-line.svg" alt="C++" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="Java" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JS" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="TS" width="50" height="50">
</p>

</br>

[//]: # "Yearly Github Stats"

### 📅 Yearly Stats:

[![Personal Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bradg13542&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=dark&cache_seconds=86400&hide_border=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</br>

[//]: # "Language Stats"

### Language Stats:

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bradg13542&locale=en&theme=dark&cache_seconds=86400&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[//]: # "Account Links [not shown]"
[instagram_personal]: https://instagram.com/bradg13542

Commit message:

Remove socials and add reading list

README.md, after:

## Hey there, I'm Bradley 👋

[//]: # "Trivia"

### I'm a Software Engineering Degree Apprentice

- 🌱 I'm currently learning Rust and Golang
- 🥅 2021 Goals: Enjoy learning Rust and Golang at a deeper level
- ⚡ Fun Fact: I enjoy night sky / landscape photography <sub><sup>Dedicated IG to arrive™</sup></sub>

</br>

[//]: # "Account Links [shown]"

### 📚 Reading List For 2021

- [Mastery: The Keys to Success And Long-Term Fulfillment - George Leonard](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/81940.Mastery) ✔️
- [The Pragmatic Programmer - David Thomas & Andrew Hunt](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56614175-the-pragmatic-programmer) 📖
- [The Clean Coder: A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers - Robert C. Martin](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10284614-the-clean-coder) 📕
- [Clean Architecture: A Craftsman's Guide to Software Structure and Design](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18043011-clean-architecture) 📕
- [Soft Skills: The Software Developer's Life Manual - John Sonmez](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23232941-soft-skills) 📕
- [How to Win Friends and Influence People - Dale Carnegie](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4865.How_to_Win_Friends_and_Influence_People) 📕
- [Brilliant Communication Skills: What the best communicators know, do and say - Gill Hasson](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13698666-brilliant-communication-skills) 📕
- [Brilliant Networking: What the best networkers know, say and do - Steven D'Souza](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2631307-brilliant-networking) 📕
- [Brilliant Cognitive Behavioural Therapy: How to use CBT to improve your mind and your life - Dr. Stephen Briers](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6595229-brilliant-cognitive-behavioural-therapy) 📕
- [Agile Project Management with Scrum (Developer Best Practices) - Ken Schwaber](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21965544-agile-project-management-with-scrum) 📕

</br>

[//]: # "Tools & Languages"

### Tools & Languages:

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/bitbucket/bitbucket-original.svg" alt="Bitbucket" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/confluence/confluence-original.svg" alt="Confluence" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/docker/docker-plain.svg" alt="Docker" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/git/git-plain.svg" alt="Git" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="Github" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/linux/linux-plain.svg" alt="Linux" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/visualstudio/visualstudio-plain.svg" alt="Visual Studio" width="50" height="50">
</p>

</br>

<p float="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/csharp/csharp-line.svg" alt="C#" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-line.svg" alt="C++" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="Java" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JS" width="50" height="50">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/40cd6bc89a299dc50ac289f8e3b071d0dff49d9c/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="TS" width="50" height="50">
</p>

</br>

[//]: # "Yearly Github Stats"

### 📅 Yearly Stats:

[![Personal Github Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bradg13542&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=dark&cache_seconds=86400&hide_border=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</br>

[//]: # "Language Stats"

### Language Stats:

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bradg13542&locale=en&theme=dark&cache_seconds=86400&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[//]: # "Account Links [not shown]"
[instagram_personal]: https://instagram.com/bradg13542
